c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\wpf.exe.config
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.g.resources
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\wpf.exe
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\wpf.pdb
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.exe
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.pdb
c:\users\administador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.Migrations.EmpleadoTabla.resources
C:\Users\administador\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\administador\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\administador\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.Migrations.depsejemplo.resources
C:\Users\administador\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\administador\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wpf\wpf\obj\Debug\wpf.Migrations.Correciondep.resources
